index.md, before:

## Welcome to Nachiketa Chakraborty's Homepage
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5979094/114390799-9dcc3800-9b8e-11eb-96dc-1174b9d06799.png" height="200" width="200">               

Physicist and Data Scientist 
Lecturer, Coventry University
Guest @ Data Assimilation Research Centre, University of Reading, Whiteknights Rd, RG6 6BB, UK                                                         
Guest researcher @ Max-Planck-Institut fuer Kernphysik, Heidelberg, Sauperfercheckweg 1, 69117, DE                               
_Contact :_ +447825819260 | ae0221@coventry.ac.uk ; n.chakraborty@reading.ac.uk 
                                                    


### Research Summary
I am a Lecturer at Coventry University in the Faculty of Engineering, Environment and Computing. I teach topics in Mathematics/Statistics, Physics and Data Science. My research spans across physics and data-driven science. This includes solar and astrophysics, dynamical systems, and more recently geosciences on one hand and time-series modeling, causal inference, statistical data science and artificial intelligence on the other. I was formerly a postdoctoral researcher at the Data Assimilation Research Centre within the Department of Meteorology, University of Reading in areas of data science and physics and a guest researcher at Max-Planck-Institute fuer Kernphysik, Heidelberg. I am interested in studying dynamical processes driving physical systems varying in time. Of particular interest are observations of extreme events that occur in infrequent bursts and their relation to slower, longer term variations. A great example of such events are flares that occur in the Sun, others stars and indeed in distant galaxies. I am also interested in mathematical studies of inferring cause and effect in complex, dynamical systems. Such studies require combining mathematical discplines such as time-series modeling, causal inference using information theoretic measures, bayesian inference and modeling, with understanding physics of dynamical systems, particle transport and radiative processes. 

### Research Interests
- Astrophysics and Solar Physics
- Time Series Modeling and Simulations 
- Causal Inference and Data Assimilation 
- Bayesian Inference and Model Selection
- Stochastic Processes
- Physics and Mathematics of Dynamical Systems
- Oceanography (recent)

### Recent Publications ([Link to Full List](https://tinyurl.com/ncfulllist) )
- “Exploring Finite-Sized Scale Invariance in Stochastic Variability with Toy Models: The OU Model”, 
Symmetry 2020, 12(11), 1927 ; [publication](https://doi.org/10.3390/sym12111927)
- “A new Framework for Causal Discovery”, under review ; [publication](https://arxiv.org/abs/2010.02247)
- “Using Mutual Information to measure Time-lags from non-linear processes in Astronomy”, under review, [publication](https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.08623
)
- ”Investigating Multiwavelength Lognormality with Simulations: Case of Mrk 421”,Galaxies, vol. 8, issue 1, p. 7 [publication](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2020Galax...8....7C/abstract)
- “The 2014 TeV γ-Ray Flare of Mrk 501 Seen with H.E.S.S.: Temporal and Spectral Constraints on Lorentz Invariance Violation”, The Astrophysical Journal, Volume 870, Number 2, [publication](https://iopscience.iop.org/article/10.3847/1538-4357/aaf1c4)

### Responsibilities and Membership
-  Secretary of Reading Local Group in Royal Statistical Society (RSS), Fellow of RSS
-  Alumni of Alexander von Humboldt Foundation
-  Member of Editorial Board of MDPI (Galaxies), Referee - MNRAS, Galaxies, Water Resources Research, Knowledge Discovery & Data Mining
-  Associate member of gamma-ray astronomy observatories H.E.S.S. and FACT
-  Lead organiser of Bayesian Study Group Activities Reading
-  Contributor to UKRI (ongoing) white paper on STFC component - Data Science in Physics / Astronomy

Commit message:

Update Recent Publications index.md
Update recent publications adding key ones from last 2 year

index.md, after:

## Welcome to Nachiketa Chakraborty's Homepage
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5979094/114390799-9dcc3800-9b8e-11eb-96dc-1174b9d06799.png" height="200" width="200">               

Physicist and Data Scientist 
Lecturer, Coventry University
Guest @ Data Assimilation Research Centre, University of Reading, Whiteknights Rd, RG6 6BB, UK                                                         
Guest researcher @ Max-Planck-Institut fuer Kernphysik, Heidelberg, Sauperfercheckweg 1, 69117, DE                               
_Contact :_ +447825819260 | ae0221@coventry.ac.uk ; n.chakraborty@reading.ac.uk 
                                                    


### Research Summary
I am a Lecturer at Coventry University in the Faculty of Engineering, Environment and Computing. I teach topics in Mathematics/Statistics, Physics and Data Science. My research spans across physics and data-driven science. This includes solar and astrophysics, dynamical systems, and more recently geosciences on one hand and time-series modeling, causal inference, statistical data science and artificial intelligence on the other. I was formerly a postdoctoral researcher at the Data Assimilation Research Centre within the Department of Meteorology, University of Reading in areas of data science and physics and a guest researcher at Max-Planck-Institute fuer Kernphysik, Heidelberg. I am interested in studying dynamical processes driving physical systems varying in time. Of particular interest are observations of extreme events that occur in infrequent bursts and their relation to slower, longer term variations. A great example of such events are flares that occur in the Sun, others stars and indeed in distant galaxies. I am also interested in mathematical studies of inferring cause and effect in complex, dynamical systems. Such studies require combining mathematical discplines such as time-series modeling, causal inference using information theoretic measures, bayesian inference and modeling, with understanding physics of dynamical systems, particle transport and radiative processes. 

### Research Interests
- Astrophysics and Solar Physics
- Time Series Modeling and Simulations 
- Causal Inference and Data Assimilation 
- Bayesian Inference and Model Selection
- Stochastic Processes
- Physics and Mathematics of Dynamical Systems
- Oceanography (recent)

### Selected Publications ([Link to Full List](https://tinyurl.com/ncfulllist) )
- “Causal Analysis of Influence of the Solar Cycle and
Latitudinal Solar-Wind Structure on Corotation Forecasts”, Under Review, Solar Physics https://arxiv.org/abs/2301.11904 
- “Rate of Change of Large-Scale Solar-Wind Structure, Solar Physics volume 297, Article number: 83 (2022) 
[publication](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11207-022-02006-4 )
- “Using Mutual Information to measure Time-lags from non-linear processes in Astronomy”, Physical Review Research, 4 (1). 013036 2022 [publication](https://journals.aps.org/prresearch/abstract/10.1103/PhysRevResearch.4.013036  )
- “Exploring Finite-Sized Scale Invariance in Stochastic Variability with Toy Models: The OU Model”, 
Symmetry 2020, 12(11), 1927 ; [publication](https://doi.org/10.3390/sym12111927)
-  “A new Framework for Causal Discovery”, Chaos: An Interdisciplinary Journal of Nonlinear Science, 31 (12). 123128. ISSN 1089-7682, 2021 [publication]( https://aip.scitation.org/doi/10.1063/5.0054228)
- “The 2014 TeV γ-Ray Flare of Mrk 501 Seen with H.E.S.S.: Temporal and Spectral Constraints on Lorentz Invariance Violation”, The Astrophysical Journal, Volume 870, Number 2, [publication](https://iopscience.iop.org/article/10.3847/1538-4357/aaf1c4)

### Responsibilities and Membership
-  Chair of Reading Local Group in Royal Statistical Society (RSS), Fellow of RSS
-  Alumni of Alexander von Humboldt Foundation
-  Member of Editorial Board of MDPI (Galaxies), Referee - MNRAS, Galaxies, Water Resources Research, Knowledge Discovery & Data Mining
-  Lead organiser of Bayesian Study Group Activities Reading
-  Contributor to UKRI (ongoing) white paper on STFC component - Data Science in Physics / Astronomy
